Typo fixes (#43)
bioinformatics-hub-ke/BOSS22: pages/en/committee.markdown

## Festus Nyasimi
![Rep for Festus]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/914.jpg){: height="150" width="150" }

Festus is a Bioinformatician and a Data Scientist using statistical tools and computational methods to understand the genetics of complex diseases and traits. He is also the co-founder of Bioinformatics Hub of Kenya (BHKi), an organization which aims at up-skilling and empowering students and researchers with bioinformatics skills. He has formal training in Bioinformatics, Health Research methods, Microbiology and Biotechnology. Festus is actively engaged in training and community outreach events in the region, he has previously been involved as a trainer in Africa Advance Bionformatics Network (AABN), he was a mentor in the second cohort of HackBio Internship, and he is actively engaged in Open Life Science (OLS). Prior to his current role Festus has conducted research work at ICIPE and KWTRP. His hobbies include traveling and adventure.
  
## David Kiragu
![Add Profile Photo](https://sbcf.fr/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/sbcf-default-avatar.png)

> David is a bioinformatics student with a keen interest in both genomic data production and using computational skill sets to answer research questions in the fields of zoonotic diseases and wildlife conservation. He is a BiXCop 2021 fellow and has an background in Bioinformatics, Molecular Biology and Microbiology. Due to this special interest in capacity development and community outreach, he is also a co-founder and trainer at Bioinformatics Hub of Kenya Initiative(BHKi) and African International Biotechnology and Biomedical Conference. His current affiliation is at the Institute of Primate Research(IPR), Kenya. Fun activities: Cyclying and travelling. 

Reviewer: a background

cycling

## Festus Nyasimi
![Rep for Festus]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/914.jpg){: height="150" width="150" }

Festus is a Bioinformatician and a Data Scientist using statistical tools and computational methods to understand the genetics of complex diseases and traits. He is also the co-founder of Bioinformatics Hub of Kenya (BHKi), an organization which aims at up-skilling and empowering students and researchers with bioinformatics skills. He has formal training in Bioinformatics, Health Research methods, Microbiology and Biotechnology. Festus is actively engaged in training and community outreach events in the region, he has previously been involved as a trainer in Africa Advance Bionformatics Network (AABN), he was a mentor in the second cohort of HackBio Internship, and he is actively engaged in Open Life Science (OLS). Prior to his current role Festus has conducted research work at ICIPE and KWTRP. His hobbies include traveling and adventure.
  
## David Kiragu
![Add Profile Photo](https://sbcf.fr/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/sbcf-default-avatar.png){: height="150" width="150" }

> David is a bioinformatics student with a keen interest in both genomic data production and using computational skill sets to answer research questions in the fields of zoonotic diseases and wildlife conservation. He is a BiXCop 2021 fellow and has an background in Bioinformatics, Molecular Biology and Microbiology. Due to this special interest in capacity development and community outreach, he is also a co-founder and trainer at Bioinformatics Hub of Kenya Initiative(BHKi) and African International Biotechnology and Biomedical Conference. His current affiliation is at the Institute of Primate Research(IPR), Kenya. Fun activities: cycling and travelling. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
David is a bioinformatics student with a keen interest in both genomic data production and using computational skill sets to answer research questions in the field of zoonotic diseases and wildlife conservation. He is a BiXCop 2021 fellow and has a background in Bioinformatics, Molecular Biology and Microbiology. Due to this special interest in capacity development and community outreach, he is also a co-founder and trainer at Bioinformatics Hub of Kenya Initiative(BHKi) and African International Biotechnology and Biomedical Conference. His current affiliation is at the Institute of Primate Research(IPR), Kenya. Fun activities: cycling and travelling. 
```
